README.md, before:

# sehr-gut
## florida ze germans r cumming

Wanna have fun meaningful with friends/weirdoes and chatting to them.  
I'm frequently accredited with speaking schizo - let's super sayan nicer schizo goes abroad. It’s a me‑chat translate/enhance thing. Basic, silly, but growing into something useful.

---

## 📊 Project Status
Current stage: **Usable (try with caution)**  

- ✅ Core prototype deployed (HTML + Vercel)  
- 🍌 Streamlit app with tabs (Decode, Comebacks, Log) — works but needs refinement  
- 🍌 Expanding slang DB + personalization — partially explored, not stable yet  
- 🍌 Preparing platform integrations (Discord, Farcaster, etc.) — ideas in motion, not ready  
- ‼️ Expect bugs and ongoing iteration as I learn and adjust


---

## 🌱 Overview
**sehr-gut** is a contextual banter assistant — not just a translator.  
It decodes slang, memes, and layered meaning in online conversations, then suggests playful comebacks with different spice levels.  

Think henlo for the shcizo let's get on base 2:  
- **Not** “How do I say hello?” 
- **But** “They just said *Ehrenmann* — are they roasting me or complimenting me?”  

---

```bash
git clone https://github.com/yourname/sehr-gut.git
cd sehr-gut
streamlit run app.py   # if using the Streamlit app
Or simply open `index.html` in your browser for the lightweight version.  
Live demo: https://sehr-gut.vercel.app
```

---

## ✨ Features
- Decode slang/context across languages (German, French, Japanese, Russian, Korean, Italian)
- Generate comebacks with spice levels (Safe, Medium, Nuclear 🌶️)
- Meme awareness so you don’t drop outdated cringe
- Interaction log to grow your style over time

---

## 🗺️ Roadmap
- [x] HTML prototype deployed on Vercel
- [ ] Streamlit app with tabs (Decode, Comebacks, Log)
- [ ] Expand slang DB + SQLite logging
- [ ] Add personalization features
- [ ] Platform expansion → X, Discord, Telegram, Farcaster, YouTube, Email/Form
- [ ] Tone calibration (choose how hard to go, 1–10 scale)
- [ ] Banter mode → roast back, not just translate

---

## 📖 Log / Process
This README doubles as a diary (including proper Github use for more than just me) of how it’s being built:
- 👀 Started with a simple HTML file → deployed on Vercel
- 🍌 Added/ing Streamlit app with tabs (Decode, Comebacks, Log)
- 🪢 Expanding slang DB + SQLite logging
- 🪢 Working on personalization and platform integrations

---

## Contributing
This is mostly for me and fun for now, but if you want to jump in:
- Fork the repo
- Make your tweaks
- Open a pull request

---

## License 
MIT - have mercy lord

Commit message:

Revise README content and formatting
Updated README to improve clarity and fix links.

README.md, after:

# sehr-gut
## florida ze germans r cumming

It's me wanna have fun meaningful with friends/weirdoes and chatting to them.
I'm frequently accredited with speaking schizo - let's super sayan nicer schizo goes abroad. It’s a me‑chat translate/enhance thing. Basic, silly, but growing into something useful. 

---

## Project Status
Current stage: **Usable (try with caution)**  

- ✅ Core prototype deployed (HTML + Vercel)  
- 🍌 Streamlit app with tabs (Decode, Comebacks, Log) — works but needs refinement  
- 🍌 Expanding slang DB + personalization — partially explored, not stable yet  
- 🍌 Preparing platform integrations (Discord, Farcaster, etc.) — ideas in motion, not ready  
- ‼️ Expect bugs and ongoing iteration as I learn and adjust


---

## Overview
**sehr-gut** is a contextual banter assistant — not just a translator.  
It decodes slang, memes, and layered meaning in online conversations, then suggests playful comebacks with different spice levels.  

Think henlo for the shcizo let's get on base 2:  
- **Not** “How do I say hello?” 
- **But** “They just said *Ehrenmann* — are they roasting me or complimenting me?”  

---

##  Getting Started  

```bash
git clone https://github.com/hrt127/sehr-gut.git
cd sehr-gut
# No backend, no app — just open index.html in your browser
```
⚠️ Internal deploy only — not ready for visitors Live demo (prototype): 

---

## 🔄 Current vs Next  

### 🎂 Current Deploy  
- Basic HTML translator only  
- Hosted on Vercel  
- Internal prototype — not ready for visitors  

### 🍌 Next Iteration (coming soon)  
- Slang DB expansion  
- Comeback generator with spice levels 🌶️  
- Interaction log to grow style over time  
- Roadmap alignment with README vision  


##  Features
- Decode slang/context across languages (German, French, Japanese, Russian, Korean, Italian)
- Generate comebacks with spice levels (Safe, Medium, Nuclear 🌶️)
- Meme awareness so you don’t drop outdated cringe
- Interaction log to grow your style over time

---

## 🗺️ Roadmap
- [x] HTML prototype of a prototype of an announcement go away it's my first deployed on Vercel
- [ ] Updated vision aligned HTML deployed on Vercel
- [ ] Streamlit app with tabs (Decode, Comebacks, Log)
- [ ] Expand slang DB + SQLite logging
- [ ] Add personalization features
- [ ] Platform expansion → X, Discord, Telegram, Farcaster, YouTube, Email/Form
- [ ] Tone calibration (choose how hard to go, 1–10 scale)
- [ ] Banter mode → roast back, not just translate

---

## 📖 Log / Process
This README doubles as a diary (including proper Github use for more than just me) of how it’s being built:
- 👀 Started with a simple HTML file → deployed on Vercel
- 🍌 To add Streamlit app with tabs (Decode, Comebacks, Log)
- 🪢 Expanding slang DB + SQLite logging
- 🪢 Working on personalization and platform integrations

---

## Contributing
This is mostly for me and fun for now, but if you want to jump in:
- Fork the repo
- Make your tweaks
- Open a pull request

---

## License 
MIT — Copyright (c) 2025 hrt127
